libgcrypt11 CLONED_IN_SOURCE abiword
libgcrypt11 CLONED_IN_SOURCE alpine
libgcrypt11 CLONED_IN_SOURCE binutils
libgcrypt11 CLONED_IN_SOURCE cone
libgcrypt11 CLONED_IN_SOURCE db
libgcrypt11 CLONED_IN_SOURCE dovecot
libgcrypt11 CLONED_IN_SOURCE ecl
libgcrypt11 CLONED_IN_SOURCE gcl
libgcrypt11 CLONED_IN_SOURCE gnulib
libgcrypt11 CLONED_IN_SOURCE gnupg
libgcrypt11 CLONED_IN_SOURCE grub2
libgcrypt11 CLONED_IN_SOURCE gstreamer0.10-ffmpeg
libgcrypt11 CLONED_IN_SOURCE ia32-libs
libgcrypt11 CLONED_IN_SOURCE integrit
libgcrypt11 CLONED_IN_SOURCE krb5
libgcrypt11 CLONED_IN_SOURCE libbluray
libgcrypt11 CLONED_IN_SOURCE likewise-open
libgcrypt11 CLONED_IN_SOURCE lsh-utils
libgcrypt11 CLONED_IN_SOURCE mpich2
libgcrypt11 CLONED_IN_SOURCE nettle
libgcrypt11 CLONED_IN_SOURCE netw-ib-ox-ag
libgcrypt11 CLONED_IN_SOURCE newlib
libgcrypt11 CLONED_IN_SOURCE nss
libgcrypt11 CLONED_IN_SOURCE r-base
libgcrypt11 CLONED_IN_SOURCE strongswan
libgcrypt11 CLONED_IN_SOURCE texlive-bin
libgcrypt11 CLONED_IN_SOURCE util-linux
