libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE afterstep
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE automake
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE dcmtk
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE digikam
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE fbi
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE flphoto
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE fltk1.1
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE fltk1.3
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE freeimage
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE gdal
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE gdcm
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE gthumb
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE gwenview
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE hplip
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE htmldoc
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE ia32-libs
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE insighttoolkit
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE kompozer
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE libav
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE libjpeg-turbo
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE libjpeg8
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE libomxil-components
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE libterralib
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE libtk-img
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE mplayer
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE mrpt
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE mythtv
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE openarena
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE opencv
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE outguess
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE paraview
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE perl-tk
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE photopc
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE povray
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE qt-x11-free
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE qt4-x11
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE squeak-vm
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE swi-prolog
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE texlive-bin
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE tremulous
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE vtk
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE wxwidgets2.6
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE wxwidgets2.8
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE xbmc
libjpeg6b CLONED_IN_SOURCE xloadimage
