libntlm CLONED_IN_SOURCE a2ps
libntlm CLONED_IN_SOURCE bison
libntlm CLONED_IN_SOURCE clisp
libntlm CLONED_IN_SOURCE curl
libntlm CLONED_IN_SOURCE dc3dd
libntlm CLONED_IN_SOURCE dico
libntlm CLONED_IN_SOURCE fetchmail
libntlm CLONED_IN_SOURCE gdb
libntlm CLONED_IN_SOURCE gnulib
libntlm CLONED_IN_SOURCE gnutls26
libntlm CLONED_IN_SOURCE gsasl
libntlm CLONED_IN_SOURCE gss
libntlm CLONED_IN_SOURCE ia32-libs
libntlm CLONED_IN_SOURCE kbuild
libntlm CLONED_IN_SOURCE libetpan
libntlm CLONED_IN_SOURCE libidn
libntlm CLONED_IN_SOURCE libtasn1-3
libntlm CLONED_IN_SOURCE mailutils
libntlm CLONED_IN_SOURCE oath-toolkit
libntlm CLONED_IN_SOURCE openscap
libntlm CLONED_IN_SOURCE shishi
libntlm CLONED_IN_SOURCE strongswan
libntlm CLONED_IN_SOURCE xbmc
